docs: Added Cloud Seeder to other area (#69)
awesome-jellyfin/awesome-jellyfin: README.md

This section includes software, guides and tools that are not *specifically* designed to work with Jellyfin, but can be useful for tasks related to media management or to enhance Jellyfin's functionality.

- [calibre2jellyfin](https://github.com/shawn61cp/calibre2jellyfin) - Python script to construct a Jellyfin ebook library from a Calibre library.

> - [Cloud Seeder](https://ipv6.rs/cloudseeder) - A 1-click installer and maintainer for Jellyfin on Windows, Mac and Linux.

Reviewer: Hi, we would prefer to use the GitHub link instead:
```suggestion
- [Cloud Seeder](https://github.com/ipv6rslimited/cloudseeder) - A 1-click installer and maintainer for Jellyfin on Windows, Mac and Linux.
```

Author: My apologies! I wasn't aware there was actually a button that allows us to commit a suggestion; so I went ahead and made a pull request. By the time I realized you could click a commit suggestion button, it was already too late. I hope this is alright!

Also, thank you for the suggestion as it makes more sense.
